Assets mass deletion (#859)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/products-super-power/work-on-your-assets.md

![Assets Deletion](../img/Assets_Deletion.png)

## Delete a selection of assets
It is possible to delete your own selection of assets.

> 1. Select your asset family in the left panel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 1. Choose the filters to display the assets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

1. Check the box under each asset you would like to delete
1. In the bar at the bottom, click on `delete`
1. In the confirmation popin, type in the name of the asset family and click on `delete`

> Please note that if you change any filter after having a selection of assets, this selection will be reset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning
Please note that if you change any filter afterward, this asset selection will be reset.
:::
```

::: tips

> In the bottom bar, checking the box lets you select all assets or none in one click!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the bottom bar, checking the box lets you select all assets or none in one click! This way, you are able to mass delete all the assets very easily :wink:.
```

:::

> ![Assets Mass Deletion](../img/Assets_Mass-delete-assets.png)

Reviewer: il faudra penser à mettre à jour ce screenshot quand on sortira l'edit vu qu'on rajoutera le bouton dans la toolbar :)

> ## Delete all the assets

Reviewer: je pense qu'on peut virer toute cette partie qui est redondante avec  la précédente.

Author: ok
